I'm Brendan Sam rock and I call coastal
BCE home
it's so hard to say like you know what
to expect right on the coast here that's
why I live here is there's so much to do
and it's so different everywhere you go
you know like a couple hours away you
could be in like pretty much a desert or
you can be surfing or you can be up in
the mountains doing whatever right
I would say I don't really have an
offseason my riding doesn't really end I
struggle with letting go of it I don't
want to like totally stop I just want to
like take five and then get back at it
you know recently I purchased a piece of
land in British Columbia to basically
kind of make my own zone make different
stuff to ride and it's definitely tough
trying to design and figure out the
course or you know track to ride on five
acres really doesn't seem that big when
you when you got a lot of ideas
it's the ideal like environment for me
it's just fun like you know you right
through the line you just hear one of
your friends on the deck just laughing
you know giving you a hard time or
something
this property in particular is like I I
can just hang out and I don't feel like
I have to be anywhere do anything I
don't have to touch my computer just
have a zone where I don't have to be bug
I'm more stoked to send it in the yard
with all my buddies I am to like go to
an event and start doing really like
these runs that scare me or I'm like you
know like I'm really like nervous to do
with contests and stuff sometimes they
don't actually get that much time to
practice and it's it's tough to go to a
foam pit and then go to some random jump
and be like right I'm just gonna try my
tricks so it's nice to have like an air
bag and a chip fit you eliminate a lot
of risk of injuring yourself in the
summer I'm pretty much on the road like
every week this following the contest
circuit
it's pretty crazy gets hectic at times
you just got like five events
back-to-back come back from a venue only
got a few days and it's like alright I
like to just chill but it's like well
I'm riding a new bike in the next event
so you know now I gotta practice on this
different bike and it's nice to get away
from contests and filming and that stuff
just gets stressful sometimes and you
need to just fade away for a bit
hibernate
I definitely explore other hobbies other
than riding I I like to keep my mind off
of riding sometimes and you know there's
there's good times where you're beat and
you do need to just take a few days off
and then just have something to do keep
you entertained for those times and I
got into I got into rally like three or
four years ago I was kind of just really
into it it's always watched it and I
thought it's really cool and I'd always
be riding up and peppered in or Squamish
and I'd see these rally cars like
ripping around it
man that looks so fun like that is
wicked
I met like a whole new group of people
through that and you know now I have
like my rally buddies and you know
people that are in automotive sports and
it's really cool and it's like so nice
to be able to get away from my rotting
sub pounds and it's like just it gives
me a minute to to breathe from riding in
the rally car I can I can go in a day
like where I'm super beads and I can
still do it
yeah BC is this uh there's so much land
and really like it's not that many
people and you know there's a couple big
cities and whatever but you know like
this is only five acre piece of land I
have but there's thousands of acres of
Crown land above me like I could totally
disappear if I wanted to I go ride
trails all day I could go camping rod
trails in the morning
it doesn't matter and you know like you
run into your buddies out there that are
doing the exact same thing
I think being home being comfortable and
being an environment you're used to it
uh you know I think that's where a lot
of your creativity comes from is like
you know riding at a place you always
ride up and being comfortable or being
around people that make you comfortable
it's like you know you start like you
like trying to find something new about
your place or like the jumps you're
riding or you know comes your way it's a
you know just it's almost like you don't
even think of it and then it's just like
boom like I got a good idea you know I
feel privileged to be able to have this
back when I was younger this is this
yard is pretty much what I you know I
always jumped over like one day I'll
have like my own jumps and they'll be
perfect and you know like my buddies
will live in the house and all I'll do
is ride my bike